We finally made it!
The Americas!
It was such a long trip!
At long last...
Land!
Meat!
We didn't get to eat much
meat while we were at sea.
The battle team may be in need of
animal protein after all that training.
That's right!
We might be able to hunt wild
animals once we're ashore!
What kind of animals are
there in the Americas?
I've never traveled abroad before!
This wasn't exactly the
vacation I had in mind!
Vacation...
Meathead here may have
the right idea. though.
Look. Past the fog.
Of course.
We knew it would be like this.
Then again. this is our first
time overseas in this new world.
We didn't know how the world was going to be.
Who knows? The Fake Lilian
story might have been true.
Maybe it was just Japan
that was still petrified.
Maybe the world had already
gotten back to normal.
Or maybe they'd fought off the
petrification beam right from the start.
Somewhere deep down. we thought. maybe...
Just maybe! You know?
Look at that cape.
There's a giant clump of statues there.
You're right.
Why?
Probably a huge car crash.
All the cars must have withered away.
leaving only the statues behind.
We're on water.
Why would there be cars here?
In fact. this place was filled with cars.
I passed by here on my own boat.
Several thousand years ago.
this was the gate to the Pacific.
The beautiful. red Golden Gate Bridge.
shining amid the San Francisco fog.
It really is all gone.
Everything humanity built is gone.
Part of me was still hoping
they'd help us out.
Y-Yeah...
Nope.
That's not it. guys.
Once we get and raise corn.
the power of science will help us revive
all the statues around the world!
Yeah.
We're the ones going to help them.
All 7.8 billion people.
Light Trap in the Darkness
Finally!
We're in the US!
Landfall!
Lilian's homeland.
So this is America!
I've heard a lot about it. so I've been
wondering what it's really like... but...
It doesn't look much different from Japan.
It's just a forest.
I guess all the distinctly
American landmarks are all gone.
Of course it isn't recognizable.
It's a pine cone!
I-It's way huge!
That's a sequoia.
Sequoia?
This guy.
Holy crap. it's enormous!
I've seen plenty of forests.
but I've never seen such a huge tree!
Sequoias get over 80 meters tall.
They're ridiculously huge.
The biggest on Earth. in fact.
E-Eighty meters?!
Even after civilization's fall.
the world operates on its own scale.
Damn. America...
We'll split into two teams
here at the Sacramento River.
The resource acquisition team
will remain on the ship.
and the corn scout team
will head toward the interior.
I assume the battle team will
be escorting the scout team
to deal with any wild animal encounters.
Let's get this corn search started!
No stone unturned!
Yeah. that's not happening.
You have no idea how big the US is.
We aren't even sure America's beloved
corn hasn't already hybridized.
There's a region called the Corn Belt.
If there's still corn around.
that's where we'll likely find it.
On the west coast. our best
bet is northern California.
We'll go through San Francisco Bay to
the Sacramento River and the City area.
Wait. wait. Senku-chan.
Most people don't know American geography.
Okay. well. point is. we should
find corn up this river. right?
Let's get moving!
Chrome-chan's so quick to find
optimism in new situations.
That's why you're our exploration leader.
Fall is almost over.
We're at the end of corn season.
Let's hope we made it in time.
Yeah. that won't be an issue.
The planet goes through a
thing called precession.
It's the same thing as how
a top teeters as it spins.
Precession
Luckily for us. thanks to the planet's axis
moving slightly over the past 3.700 years.
the climate is offset by about nine days.
So we just barely made it!
What has me more worried
is the subtle ecological changes as
a result of the change in climate.
We'd better hope we don't get
attacked by any big creatures.
I'd enjoy it if we did get
attacked by a big creature.
Yeah.
Wait. what? Isn't it the opposite?
There you go jinxing it again. Senku-chan!
I get it now. though... Seriously...
It's not bad luck or anything!
There's no such thing as luck!
Science man Senku is just
telling us the worst-case scenario
because he knows it'll happen!
It's a float of American crocodiles!
There's so freaking many of them!
Meat!
So that's what this is about!
That's why you were hoping we'd get attacked!
Meat!
I'm grateful to the circle of life.
Well. this is something.
The almighty all-stars!
We're in the US. which means...
We aren't leaving before we have some of this.
Please enjoy.
Crocodile burgers.
Hamburgers!
Hamburgers?
You eat them like this.
It's so tasty!
Damn. it's so good!
How is it so juicy?!
I've never had anything like it!
Senku.
One of the crocodiles had swallowed this.
Is there something inside it?
Corn!
This is the fabled American corn?
Landed right in our hands.
We've found the key to reviving
all of humanity upstream!
This is the life-giving corn!
Yup.
The OP corn crop of the Americas.
The great Yellow Dent.
OP crop...
It tastes like ass. though.
But we can get alcohol out
of it insanely efficiently.
Which means we're finally
reviving the whole world!
Hang on!
We're almost there. statues of America!
Although I have no idea how
much of this corn is left.
All good.
We only need a little.
and we can grow a ton more.
It'll be a race against time either way.
We need to face our enemy
before they get to us first.
To face Why-Man!
Yup.
We're gonna get right to
work making Corn City!
Corn grains!
They're flowing down the
river one after another.
H-Hyoga-sama...
We can be sure they're growing up ahead.
There's got to be a crap ton!
Does corn really drift conveniently
down the river. though?
Hello. Perseus here.
Heya. Scout team here.
We found corn on the river.
We haven't actually found it growing.
We need information.
So let us know if you find
any floating downstream.
Okay. roger.
You heard them. boys!
Keep your eyes peeled!
Don't miss a single thing!
All right!
Let's do this!
It's around here.
You mentioned a bunch of
confusing place names earlier.
The Sacramento City area. was it?
What are you making in
such a hurry. Senku-chan?
A white cloth over the light?
You'll attract bugs with
such a bright light at night.
That's the whole point.
It's a light trap.
We can tell what's in the area from whether
or not we attract phototactic bugs.
If I'm right about this...
European corn borers.
These moths thrive on corn.
There's a boatload of corn nearby.
Butterflies. huh? They're beautiful.
Nah. they're moths.
Butterflies are moths.
We humans just gave them a different name.
They have a mystical beauty about them. huh?
Kohaku...
Actually. everyone from the village...
Have you guys ever even
seen this kind of moth?
Now that you mention it.
I've never seen it before.
I've never even thought about
different kinds of moths.
These guys eat cloth more
than they do grains.
In other words. their numbers
should have dwindled
quite a bit since the humans vanished.
How did we end up with so
many in so little time?
It almost makes me wonder if
there's a giant corn farm nearby.
What's up. Senku? You look so serious.
We're reviving all of humanity.
What more could you hope
for than plenty of corn?
I sense...
Bloodlust!
What is it?
A beast of some sort?
Nothing to worry about with our elite group!
It's not convincing when
you say it while hiding.
Do you recognize its ki?
No. there's no such thing as ki.
Though I do think we're perceiving
adrenaline byproducts and such.
Not that I can really say.
Think...
I vowed to protect them.
This faint scent on the air...
Gun smoke?!
From a used firearm?!
The enemy is indeed proper.
It seems we were the ones who
were attracted to the light trap.
All hands. to the boat!
Machine gun!
What the heck is that?!
Don't underestimate a sailor's maneuvering!
Water barrier!
Why did they find out?
We're saved thanks to
Tsukasa's superhuman senses.
Are you all relatively safe?
How?
Who would have a machine gun?
I thought there were no more humans left.
So the US was spared?
That can't be it.
It wouldn't explain why those
statues were left there.
The only possibility...
is that someone revived
on their own. like Senku.
And they're growing corn.
That would be hella fortunate.
In the worst case. we're going
to have a proper science duel
with a science user on the Dark Side.
We're gonna have to win that fight.
This is stupid exhilarating!
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction. but the plants.
animals. and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and. in some cases. illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.